User docs for assistant (#4102)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/user/assistant.md

---
navTitle: FlowFuse Assistant
---

> # FlowFuse Assistant Plugin
> 
> **Introduced in FlowFuse 2.6**
> 
> Node-RED instances running within FlowFuse will automatically include the **FlowFuse Assistant**
> plugin that aims to helps you work faster and smarter. The plugin currently supports 2 features:
> 1. Function node creation directly from the Node-RED editor toolbar
> 2. In-line Function code generation within the function node editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FlowFuse Assistant Plugin

**Introduced in FlowFuse 2.6 on FlowFuse Cloud only. This feature is not yet available for self-hosted customers.**

The FlowFuse Assistant brings the power of AI to the Node-RED editor.

Node-RED instances running within FlowFuse Cloud will include the **FlowFuse Assistant**
plugin that aims to helps you work faster and smarter.

The plugin currently supports 2 features:

1. Function node creation directly from the Node-RED editor toolbar
2. In-line Function code generation within the function node editor

To enable the Assistant, ensure your Instance is running the latest Stack.

```
